.TH FTCHBKUP 8l "07 November r
.SH NAME
.B ftchbkup
- fetches backups from remote host to a local repository.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBftchbkup \fR[\fB-c \fI<config>\fR] [\fB-d\fR] [\fB-l\fR][\fB-v\fR] <\fIhostname\fB>
.br
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B ftchbkup
is a Bourne shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX,
Linux and Mac OS X.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ftchbkup
uses the configuration file (\fI/usr/local/etc/ftchbkup.cf\fR by default) to
determine the location and age of the backup files to fetched from the remote
host and the path to the local repository. The archives are fetched using
.B lftp .
.LP
In order to save disk space in the local repository, archives older than 
the maximum age set in configuration file are deleted once the 
the latest files have been successfully downloaded.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 5
.B -c
.I <config_file>
Use the named configuration file in preference to the default 
.B /usr/local/etc/ftchbkup.cf .
.TP 5
\fB-d\fR
Start in debug mode.
The script will run in a shell with the 
.B -x
option set.
.TP 5
.B -l
Log each backup field retrieved from the target host using the 
.B syslog
facility.
.TP 5
.B -v
Set verbose mode. Ordinarily 
.B ftchbkup
operates silently unless problems are detected. In 
.I verbose
mode 
.B ftchbkup
reports on each significant action.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.ft CW
ftchbkup -v caswallon-gw
.ft R
.LP
Using the hostname "\fIcaswallon-gw\fR" as the lookup key,
.B ftchbkup
will extract the details of the backup files to be fetched from the
default configuration file
.I /usr/local/etc/ftchbkup.cf ,
and fetch them from the remote server to the local repository.
.SH BUGS
The script is quite crude having been developed to fetch archives from
client servers hosted by 1and1. The use of the configuration file does
however make it reasonably generic.
File permissions are critical and .B sudo
will be used within the script to execute the find command. 
With judicious use of the 
.I debug
and
.I verbose 
modes, permission and configuration problems should be relatively easy to 
resolve.
.SH FILES
.IR ftchbkup.cf .
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR clean .
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@fulford.net or +44 (0)709 229 5385.
.SH HISTORY
